Terms of Use

Cloudflare is excited to have you (the “Developer”) offer your products through the Cloudflare Apps platform (as defined below). At the time of this revision to our Apps Terms of Service (June 2017), Cloudflare has millions of Users—all of which will have the ability to opt-in to install each Application (as defined below) you offer for improving the functionality of a User’s internet properties if approved for listing on the platform (“Cloudflare Apps”), subject to the terms and conditions set forth below, as they may be amended and revised from time to time (the “Apps TOS”). Your Application and offerings through Cloudflare Apps is also subject to our Terms of Service (the “Terms”) and our Security and Privacy Policy, each as they may be amended from time to time as well as any terms and conditions set forth in any submission order you may enter into with Cloudflare (the “Submission Order”) as part of your enrollment in Cloudflare Apps. You understand and agree that any Capitalized terms used herein that are not specifically defined herein or in the Submission Order shall have the meanings defined in the Terms.
1) Developer Submissions

In order to offer an Application on the Cloudflare Apps platform, either a new Application or a new version of an existing Application, you will be required both to agree to the Apps TOS on the submissions page and to complete the Submission Order in order to provide other pertinent information, including the point of contact for support or information specific to your submission. Please be advised that any submission you make to Cloudflare for consideration for listing in Cloudflare Apps for use by Users as an enhancement, module, or additional feature to the Services (each an “Application”) should provide Users with the ability to preview (if applicable), purchase (if applicable), and install your Application from Cloudflare Apps. Your submission should also include any Javascript or other code that must be added to or integrated into a User’s internet properties in order to allow the Application to function properly with respect to User’s internet properties (the “Enabling Code”). Your submission should also include links to any relevant user guides, manuals, bulletins, and product literature concerning the use of the Application (“Documentation”). Developer will also provide Cloudflare with sufficient content and information required for the Application Information Page (as defined below). The Application, the Enabling Code, and the Documentation are subject to Cloudflare’s review and approval prior to Cloudflare’s making them available to Users. You acknowledge that Cloudflare maintains the absolute right to control access to its Users, and therefore, reserves the right to reject, disable, hide, or remove any Application, Enabling Code, or Documentation at its sole and exclusive determination and absolute discretion, including, but not limited to, situations where they fail to meet Cloudflare’s professional standards or fail to comply with Cloudflare’s policies.
2) Cloudflare Promotion, Listing and Sales

You hereby grant Cloudflare a worldwide, nonexclusive license to use the Application, Enabling Code, and Documentation (subject to the limitations and other provisions set forth in this Apps TOS) as needed for providing them to Users through the Cloudflare Apps platform and to use as a part of the Service. The foregoing license includes but is not limited to the right to take the following actions at Cloudflare’s sole discretion:

    a) Promote, market, or sell the Application to Users, via the Cloudflare website page that provides information to Users and potential Users concerning the Application (“Application Information Page”) or otherwise;

    b) Modify, use, reproduce and distribute the Application, Documentation and Enabling Code for the purpose of incorporating them into the Services and/or a User internet property for further use and distribution;

    c) Provide the Application to Users through the Developer’s application programming interface used to access administrative functionality and information for the Application (the “Developer API”) or Cloudflare’s application programming interface used to access administrative functionality and information for the Services (“Cloudflare API”), as applicable;

    d) Use and display the name, logos, trademarks and trade names to promote, market and identify the Developer and/or the Application, including but not limited to use on the Application Information Page, in press releases and other similar forms of media; and

    e) To the extent required for User support.

3) Fees

    a) User Payments. To the extent Users pay to install or use your Application, make in-Application purchases, or pay any other amounts in connection with the use of Application through the Cloudflare Apps platform, you hereby designate Cloudflare as your agent to collect and transmit such payments to you under the terms reflected in this Apps TOS. You agree to be solely responsible for payment of any and all applicable taxes and fees of any type related to the sale or use of your Application, including but not limited to sales, use, excise, value-added, or other taxes, regardless of who collects such fees. You hereby agree that if you make the Application available to Users through your own website or through any means other than through the Cloudflare Apps platform, that you will not sell the Application at a lower price than it is available through the Cloudflare Apps platform or charge the Users less than such Users are charged for any subscription, usage or other sale, use or charge through the Cloudflare Apps platform.

    b) Payments to Developer. Cloudflare will pay you each month all payments received from Users related to installation or use of your Application, except we will retain 30% of that total as our fees related to your use of the Cloudflare Apps platform. We may also withhold any amounts related to costs incurred by Cloudflare related to your Application for commercial transaction fees, delivery, installation, commissions paid, or deductions and credits granted to a User. You agree that you have no claim for compensation from Cloudflare other than as set forth in this subsection or to the extent specifically set forth in any Submission Order or otherwise specifically set forth in writing between you and Cloudflare.

    c) Fees to Cloudflare. You will pay Cloudflare a fee equal to thirty percent (30%) of the Application Revenue (as defined below) regardless whether payments are made through Cloudflare Apps and processed by Cloudflare on your behalf, or through another source. “Application Revenue” means any payment you collect from a User to purchase the Application, subscribe to the Application, or that you collect for any enhancements, upgrades, or any in-Application purchase or any additional sales relating to such Application or any follow-on sales for other applications or services provided by or through the Application. To the extent you receive any payment related to the use of your Application that is not Application Revenue (including but not limited to, payments received from a third party in connection with the use of the Application (for instance, use is by Users or in connection with User Visitors)), then you will pay Cloudflare the percentage of such payments specified in, among other places, the Submission Order (the “Third Party Revenue Share”) multiplied by the Gross Revenue Amount (as defined below). “Gross Revenue Amount” means the amount paid by a third party in connection with the Application including any and all delivery or installation costs, commissions paid, duties and taxes (including but not limited to sales, use, excise, value-added, or other taxes). To the extent the Application involves the transmission of third-party advertisements, Developer must have an executed Submission Order with Cloudflare.

    d) Payment. You and Cloudflare each agree to pay the other any fees owed to the other on a net 30 basis following the end of each calendar month such fee obligation is incurred. Except that when the amount owed by any party to another at the end of the month is less than $100, the party may withhold payment until such time that more than $100 is owed at the end of the month. To the extent one party fails to make payments to the other that are due pursuant to the terms of this Apps TOS within the foregoing time period, the other party shall be entitled to withhold, setoff and/or deduct such amounts against the amounts owed the other party.

4) Set-Up and Integration

    a) Provisioning. You and Cloudflare agree to cooperate in good faith to develop a technical solution that will permit Cloudflare to provision the Application for its Users via the Developer API or the Cloudflare API, as applicable; and provide basic User administration functionality for the Application available via Cloudflare’s user interface for allowing each User to access administrative functionality and information for the Services (the “Cloudflare Dashboard”). Cloudflare will create the Application Information Page.

    b) Account Access. Cloudflare will: (a) provision an account for Users subscribing to your Application via the Developer API or the Cloudflare API and (b) provide a link in the Cloudflare Dashboard for the User to access your user interface for User administrative functionality and information for the Application.

    c) Application Availability. So long as any User subscribes to your Application, you will continuously provide the Application for the benefit of the User; provided, however, that if you provide Cloudflare with at least thirty (30) days prior notice, you may terminate your use of the Cloudflare Apps platform with respect to your Application; upon such termination all other provisions of the Apps TOS (including but not limited to the provisions related to Privacy; Confidentiality, Indemnification, Resolution of Disputes will continue to be in full force and effect.

5) User Support

You acknowledge and agree that although Cloudflare will continue to provide support to Users for Cloudflare’s Services in the ordinary course of business, you will provide all support of any type requested by Cloudflare or the User related to the Application and be responsible for any warranty, liability or obligation to any User or any third party that arises in connection with the use of your Application. You and Cloudflare hereby agree to cooperate with the other and to forward all support and warranty inquiries that are the responsibility of the other party to one another. Cloudflare will refer support questions relating to the Application to the point of contact designated by you the Submission Order or to such other person designated by you in writing (including email) from time to time. The parties will cooperate in good faith to resolve support issues relating to the integration of the Application with the Services. Contact information for support for your Application and any other support obligations that are necessary for your particular Application shall be as set forth in the Submission Order.
6) Suspension of Application

Because Cloudflare has a significant interest in maintaining goodwill with regard to its Service and our User community, you agree and acknowledge that Cloudflare may temporarily suspend or disable the provision of any Application at any time if such Application negatively impacts the goodwill related to our Service or our User community as determined in Cloudflare’s sole and exclusive discretion. Such impacts may include, but certainly are not limited to, if your Application requires repairs, causes technical problems, outages, requires undue maintenance, contains (or is suspected to contain) any malicious code, virus or other harmful code or device, Cloudflare may temporarily suspend, disable or terminate your Application. Cloudflare will make reasonable efforts to notify you of any such suspension, but is under no obligation to do so.
7) Data Restrictions; Protection of Users

You hereby agree and acknowledge that all User Data, including but not limited to data acquired through use of the Service and the Application are Cloudflare’s confidential information and that you shall not use or disclose or use such information for any purpose other than for the performance of your obligations set forth in this Apps TOS. You hereby agree not to solicit any User for services, products or notifications of any type unless specifically requested by such User in writing; provided, however , that in the event a User requests such solicitation, you will provide the User with the ability to opt-out of any such solicitation. In addition, you hereby agree to adhere to the foregoing restrictions with respect to both the Users and the visitors of our Users’ internet properties (the “User Visitors”). You agree not to divert any User from using Cloudflare’s Service or encourage, solicit, suggest, or facilitate the foregoing, either directly or indirectly or to offer or sell any User a product or service that competes with the Services (including any third party product or service). “User Data” shall mean information of any type of a User or User Visitors or customer of such User (including but not limited to the identity of the foregoing, any content of the foregoing, and any usage information of a User or the User Visitors internet properties, customers of such User or logs for such User’s internet properties). At any time a User utilizes your Application, you will maintain accurate records regarding the use of the Application and related information and make them available to Cloudflare on a reasonable basis. Notwithstanding anything in this section to the contrary, to the extent you generally advertise or solicit your services, products or provide notifications to the general public (for example, on your website), the restrictions in this section shall not be deemed to prevent you from continuing such activity. If you have questions about whether an activity is restricted by this section, you may request clarification and Cloudflare may expressly consent to activity as set forth in the Submission Order or otherwise in writing between you and Cloudflare. You acknowledge that Cloudflare has one of the world’s largest networks and that Cloudflare’s business requires Cloudflare to constantly monitor traffic on the internet, the information on its network and to analyze the data it acquires to assess, plan and react to the risks and efficiencies available to optimize the speed and security of Cloudflare’s Users and to perform Cloudflare’s business, including but not limited to: identification of attacks, vulnerabilities, efficiencies, traffic routing and maintenance, various enhancements and improvements of Cloudflare’s Service (the “Cloudflare Business”). As such, you acknowledge and agree that Cloudflare may use any and all information obtained in connection with the Cloudflare Business, including but not limited to, all data, logs, traffic information and other information related to use of the Service, the Application or third parties that Cloudflare learns in connection with the performance of the Cloudflare Apps platform.
8) Content Compliance; Intellectual Property Rights; Infringement; Compliance with Laws

You acknowledge and agree that Cloudflare is not responsible for any content generated by any third party and that Cloudflare has no control over the content of any User internet properties, including content that may be considered offensive by you. You further represent and warrant that you have secured any and all rights to display any content your Application generates, either directly or indirectly, on any User internet properties. You hereby agree to be responsible for all of the content on your Application, Enabling Code and Documentation and any infringement claims by any third parties that may arise out of Users’ use of the foregoing (or failure to use the foregoing properly). You may require a User to agree to an end-user-license-agreement (“EULA”); provided, however, that you agree that the terms of such EULA shall not purport to bind Cloudflare to any obligation to you, any User or to any third party.
9) Cloudflare Development Rights

You understand and agree that Cloudflare is constantly enhancing its Service and we may enhance our Service in a way that is competitive with your Application or other products, services, or ideas that you have, regardless of whether you have shared them with us. Although Cloudflare affirms that you retain Intellectual Property rights in the code to your Application, you acknowledge that Cloudflare has the right to make, use, develop, acquire, license, market, promote or distribute products, software or technologies that perform the same or similar functions as, or otherwise compete with, any you Application as well as other products, software or technologies that you may develop, produce, market, or distribute now or in the future.
10) Feedback

Notwithstanding any terms to the contrary in this Apps TOS, any suggestions, comments or other feedback provided by either party to the other with respect to such other party’s products or services, including, without limitation, the Services, (collectively, “Feedback”) will be deemed to be assigned to the recipient of such Feedback. Further, the recipient of any Feedback hereunder will be free to use, disclose, reproduce, license and otherwise distribute, and exploit the Feedback provided to it as it sees fit, entirely without obligation or restriction of any type, except that nothing in the description or execution of obligations under this section will be understood as limiting Cloudflare’s Development Rights as described above.
11) Indemnification

You agree to abide by the indemnification obligations set forth in the Terms as if you were a User of the Service and to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Cloudflare for and against any claim arising from or relating to any third party claim regarding your Application. You acknowledge that Cloudflare is not obligated to indemnify you for any reason.
12) Compliance with Laws

You represent and warrant that you, your Application and the use of your Application will comply with all applicable laws, including but not limited to relevant sanctions and export controls You agree not use or otherwise export or re-export any Cloudflare proprietary or confidential information or Services or the Cloudflare Apps platform except as authorized by United States law and the laws and in compliance with the law of any applicable jurisdiction or to anyone on any restricted party lists for any applicable jurisdiction.
13) Resolution of Disputes

You hereby agree that any claim, conflict or dispute you have related to the Apps TOS or the Cloudflare Apps platform or your Application, including but not limited to choice of law, forum and jurisdiction, shall be subject to the dispute resolution provisions set forth in the Terms.
14) Privacy; Confidentiality

You acknowledge that you may receive confidential information from Cloudflare or our Users or User Visitors, including but not limited to personally identifiable information and other proprietary information and you hereby agree that you will treat such confidential information (including the terms of this Apps TOS and Submission Order) as confidential and proprietary information and will not disclose or use such confidential information except as specifically required for the performance of your obligations set forth in this Apps TOS. You agree to comply with our Security and Privacy Policy with respect to such confidential information and not to use or disclose any such information to any person or entity other than to your employees and contractors whose duties justify their need to know and who have agreed in writing to the provisions herein.
15) Changes to Services or Application

You agree to give Cloudflare at least thirty (30) days prior notice before making any change to the Developer API, Enabling Code, or Application that Developer reasonably believes will adversely affect Cloudflare’s or any User’s ability to use the Application, which may include but are not limited to changes that would cancel availability of the Application, discontinue support for a version of the Application, or materially change the behavior of an Application in use. Cloudflare reserves the right to modify the Cloudflare API or Services at any time in its sole discretion. You agree to be solely responsible for assuring the Application continues to function as described in the Application Information Page and in accordance with Cloudflare’s quality requirements.
16) Developer Warranties

By agreeing to these Terms of Use you represent and warrant that: (a) you have the right, power and authority to enter into this Apps TOS and fully perform your obligations hereunder; (b) you own or have the rights to use all intellectual property, content and deliverables used in the creation of the Application and your performance of your obligations hereunder, (c) that such use does not misappropriate or infringe any intellectual property right of any third party, or contain any malicious code, viruses, worms, or other harmful code or device; and (d) does not violate any applicable law.
17) Disclaimer

EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY PROVIDED IN THIS APPS TOS, CLOUDFLARE DOES NOT MAKE, AND HEREBY DISCLAIMS, ANY REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY TYPE RELATED TO THE CLOUDFLARE APPS PLATFORM INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. CLOUDFLARE SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ANY REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES REGARDING THE QUALITY, OPERABILITY, AVAILABILITY, ACCURACY OF THE SERVICES OR THE CLOUDFLARE MATERIALS, ANY APPLICATIONS OR ANY CONTENT AVAILABLE THEREIN.
18) Miscellaneous

You agree that you are an independent contractor and are not now and will not be in the future, deemed to be an employee, agent, partner or legal representative of Cloudflare for any purpose and will not have any right, power or authority to create any obligation or responsibility on behalf of Cloudflare. This Apps TOS, together with the Submission Order, Terms and Security and Privacy Policy, as they may be amended from time to time, constitutes the entire agreement, and supersedes any and all prior agreements, between you and Cloudflare with respect to the subject matter hereof. Cloudflare will not be bound by, and specifically objects to, any term, condition, or other provision which is different from or in addition to the provisions of this Apps TOS (whether or not it would materially alter this Apps TOS) and which is proffered by Developer in any invoice, receipt, acceptance, confirmation, correspondence, or otherwise, unless Cloudflare specifically agrees to such provision in a separate written instrument signed by Cloudflare.
